al al
al
[Music]
Ok here we Go the
here perform for you if you know the
words you can join to put your hands
Together if you W Clap as we take you
through this monkey rap
[Music]
Donkey
Kong
Donkey Kong He's the leader of the bunch
you know him well He's Finally back to Kick
some ta his Coconut gum can Fire
And sps If he shoots It's g h heer
faster and stronger to
of the d
Crew Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
[Music]
so Listen up to
ink size to suit
her
and through the air and Climb up Treat
if you choose her You're not choosing
wrong with the skip and a hop She's
One Donkey
[Applause]
[Music] Kong
Donkey Kong is
[Applause]
here Donkey Kong Donkey Kong is
here he has no Style he has
no
Grace fny Face he can hand
when he needs to and stretch his
Arms out Just for you inflate himself
just like a balloon this Crazy Just digs
hisun  Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong
iskey con
[Music]
oky
k dony
ky
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong
He's Back Again and about time to and
this Time He's in the moon he can fly
real H with his Jetpack G with his
pistols out He's One tough c he'll Make
You Smile when he Plays his Tun but kremlin beware
cuse He's after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here
d Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is Finally He's here
for you It's The Last member  of the dk
Crew this so It Is funny can make ain
Cry out fory can't pick up a b with
relative ease makes Crush Rocks seem
such a breeze May move Slow he can't jump High
but this com One Hell Of a guy
Come on cranky take it to the
[Music]
fridge peut pells
Mel oranges and Coconut shell oh yeah
walnuts peut
pell melons oranges and Coconut shells
walnuts peut pineapple
smells melons oranges and  Coconut shell
walut peut
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
Sparkle Oh
What's up guys How are you How are you
Wait, Luare's talking to me Let's
see what's wrong, I'm not going to say it's
something important Let's see eh
[Music]
There's something that's happening to us That's been
happening to me for the last few days I have
n't said anything, to be
honest 58 months putting up with me Well 58
months 58 months Well it seems a bit unclear to me It
's 58 months Here here Of course I've been putting
up with you for much longer And
something is happening to us in particular It's
obviously happening to me That's why
today's title is
okay
eh But of course this affects the entire
community This doesn't affect me
Obviously
[Music] It
affects everyone because of course what they
're trying to do is take over my channels
My Twitter account My networks and everything
And we're trying to solve it What
happens is that it's quite complicated In fact,
I'm surprised I'm surprised that this is
going through And that this And that this comes out It's
worth
nothing Luare But whoever it is is a
stalker and knows exactly what they're
doing I personally think that
that the issue of whether you like a YouTuber
more or less is fine okay it's
valid I don't like a lot of
YouTubers yeah I don't like almost all of them
no In fact no But well it
's not a problem all of them there are not many that I like
but I think that I think that what
is moving against me what they
are doing to me crosses a
little bit not the illness and the and the line
eh or It turns out that a few days ago
something quite serious has been happening to me
[Music]
no And it may be that at any moment I
found that my Twitter account
therefore I also understand that the
community and the whole thing okay is going to
go to hell OK I hope not I
hope not tomorrow tomorrow we are going to
send them a burofax to Twitter which is the
fastest way we always have to
communicate with them Apart from that
we have already sent them some emails okay
the pertinent appeals have been made
em you know that we on Twitter
Well we are also making gossip we do not believe we have
the most viral account of
gossip Without fear of being wrong I think we
can affirm that it is the  most
viral gossip account, I mean, anything we
post on Twitter goes viral, millions
of views
and retweets, and everyone's commenting on
it, even the protagonists themselves. No,
today René followed me precisely. Hey,
this guy Noni followed me too, I mean,
everyone you see starts to
react to the live clips, the
news on the gossip channels,
a lot of times they get informed, no, and they
also find out thanks to the account that
my team manages, and I'm very
proud of the team that we have, no, and
honestly, they've been
trying to take down our account for a week now, but
in a completely illegal way,
committing several crimes along the way,
okay, let's try, we have some
things here, okay, let's try, uh, to
grab it. And if it's from any country where they
can get their hands on it, okay, I
understand that almost anyone, I don't know if it
's from the Congo, okay, I understand that it will be possible to
uh hire a lawyer, it
's all a matter of informing ourselves, no, but
we're going to try to find out who
the person is who's doing this and and
put a good, good thief in the ground, I mean, it's  which
are several crimes I don't understand how
people are so sick just to
screw over a person you don't like on the
internet I understand it's that no no it doesn't make
much sense okay it turns out that
about a week ago okay with this that
Agustín was talking about the subject
Agustín 51 was talking
about what he's been complaining about
because they don't make a Fortnite skin for him
something like that Okay and
and he throws a
clip at me okay he throws a clip at me on
Twitter the use that I make of the content
on Twitter is legitimate use also okay
we have also studied the way to
do it there are many people who complain
because I put a frame because I put a
watermark anyway I put I put the
things that I have to put and we treat it
the way we have to treat it
to comply with the regulations and the
law Okay then he throws a clip at me I
understand that Agustín
throws a clip at me okay Nothing happens I don't
say anything in public or anything like that I
appeal it and that's it okay
Eh The next day he throws a clip at me Star
yuki and when I say he throws a clip at me
Austin throws a clip at me Star  Yuki I say this
because the form is filled out with
Agustín 51's data and with
Star
Yukin's data So when
Agustín throws it at me, it doesn't surprise me Because
honestly I see him capable But when
Yuki throws it at me, I
say I speak to him directly, dude, you
threw this at me and he says Jai what am I going to
throw at you, I mean this, no, it's not me He says yes,
move it and it says that I'm from Colombia and no and
I already know that I'm not from Colombia I don't know, no, Colombia I think it was I do
n't remember, I don't
know if Colombia or Cuba No, I don't
remember but he said yes it says this and
this and I'm not from there at all, eh I
'll peel it again I peel it again I say
Okay, well, he's screwed him. Well, whoever it
is has found a way to, eem, that I was
n't going to say this
but it's not for nothing but because
e because it can happen to many other
creators I can cause it to happen to
many other creators but I think that what
we have to do might make
this person angrier okay, I mean, maybe
this person might get angrier now
the way we're exposing it  And surely
someone will find him because he will get even
madder and dump my account so if for whatever reason
my Twitter account disappears
okay or my YouTube channel which they
are also trying to report
okay if for whatever reason my
Twitter account or my channel or whatever disappears then you
already know what's going on
okay we will try to solve it or whatever
But anyway he is filling out
the data okay look for
example they are taking down clips Agustín
51 orlock etcetera others throw [ __ ] at you in
their streams like Abi princessita etcetera I
think noni yichi has been the only one
who answered you properly in the whole month he hasn't
nor has he thrown a c at me Agustín hasn't
thrown a c oslo at me nor René nor nor
None of those who are reporting dude
one click from auron is worth the click already with
almost 200,000 views okay as soon as he
uploads it boom it works I think
what he is also doing is trying to take them
all down I mean this person this sick person
because obviously he is sick
okay This sick person what he does is that  he
spends all day waiting for
my Twitter account and what he does is he
starts reporting all day long, I mean, to
report what he has to do is
search for the clip search for the original live,
okay, minute such and such, minute such and such to
make the report, I mean, look at the time he
spends trying to take down my
account, okay, of course, when I see the
tar yuk thing and he tells me that he doesn't give me a
click from Auron, okay And apart from that, he
fills in the data with,
uh, with Auron's data, okay, I mean, he
puts Raúl Álvarez genes Iván Olmedo, I don't
know who the hell Auron is Play, I don't know what
and I always realize that it
's always the same email that you're seeing
on the screen K you said pa Oli that it will be something
from Oliveira, okay And this will be someone, whoever it
is, well, what does he have, uh, that's
organizing for
this, what a crazy guy, I mean, it's a
person who is
directly planting the identity of
all the YouTubers that appear on my
Twitter and how does Twitter accept reports
that are not from the original person? Well, I
would be  well that they answered my
question okay obviously We are already
sending emails to Twitter tomorrow I am going
to send a burofax that they
always answer to burofax okay And I am going to
ask for help from here to anyone who
is watching me and has a contact or
has any other idea to keep an
email where I can write everything
that comes to mind please okay because of
course This has to be solved and we
have to catch because it is a person who is
see you see Badalona I don't know what you
know and apart from the guy Javi you come up with
some obsessives that you can't see I really
believe that the hate and the obsession and the
illness with me I don't know the Colony
The truth is it scares me a little Uh it
scares me a little because it's that I
think this is getting out of hand
no I mean that my
Twitter account bothers you that it is the
most viral Twitter account that we are I mean what I mean he
is impersonating
a lot of Peña V impersonating the
identity signing in their name
as if it were his content and he
throws it away  impersonating a
bunch of people to try to throw
something at me that I
eat and now he threw me a while ago
eh a click is
mine and he filled it out with my own with
my own
data
okay they also threw a click from
Javi himself, I do this on Twitter's part The
truth is that I sincerely do not understand it
sincerely I do
not understand this on Twitter's part okay let's
see I do not think they will delete the account or if they do it
will it be something temporary okay Why Well
because you peel it and they return it to you
okay he is
using different addresses
and VPN to
report you no no no no way he is not
using multiple addresses always
Put this email in the other thing he fills it out his
hand you understand this he gets caught this he gets
caught sooner or later he gets caught
okay And that's it he will remember like the
stalker who has the judgment you are an image
for this kind of sick people How crazy
but look at what he does eh I mean
look at what he is doing
dedicating the whole day to let's see what
click I upload Search The Original Clies
okay I mean for example this one here has
signed the name René But he has
searched even his email I mean his plant
his identity was going viral a
clip of René that we're going to see today here
okay And what he did was this
dude
no no this took a while early you get caught
look at what happened with the stalker what
happens that of course he pisses us off he
entertains us and then you see him sitting
in the court like this stalker who
put my address on all the
websites dude dude what Cologne is
mine what Cologne is
mine dude the stalker who did the thing with my
grandmother's photos the thing with my
son's photos the thing with publishing the addresses And he didn't
stop and didn't stop and didn't stop and didn't
stop and then in the trial okay in the
trial not in the in the testimony that he
had like this the boy so chubby with
glasses sitting like this Okay and saying that it's that he
has a mental illness and
that and that at that moment he was with I don't
know what problem and that and that it was a
joke so that I would react in the
live shows of course now this when it When when you
catch him now the
same now the same when he sees himself
sitting in the court  now the same thing that the guy with the
glasses did, the guy from Jere, the guy
from Jere is trying to claim
that I am a gossip content and
that he did it as content because I
make content of my lawsuits and he is
trying to claim that so that
the trial date is not set that they are not
going to pay any [ __ ] attention to him and there will be a
trial but come on Yes or yes what he has
done has even been child pornography
You know Now then when that no when he
gets there Of course but dude it's that you are
impersonating the [ __ ] identity no longer
of a person once no no no no it's that he
is impersonating the identity because it's
already been four it takes you four more
attempts that they won't have slipped it because
on YouTube I have also tried a
few
times you know but apart from that it's like how do you
leave, I mean it doesn't get into my
[ __ ] head really I mean me, me with the
people that I'm crossing paths with on the
internet and the people who obsess
over me and the things that they do against me
man, I really don't have these things man, you
're committing [ __ ]
crimes  that you're committing a
few crimes of your
identity plantations that you're trying to commit
all these crimes to take
me down one one thing that is part of my
business that I
work It's that no it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
dude I'm that no I can't I can't
understand that someone is so sick
dude it's at the level it's at the level and I'm
really telling you, I mean this is scary It's at the
level eh any of these that then
ends up killing a famous person killing
a star you know what the [ __ ] dude I mean
one thing is for you to post a tweet
criticizing something you don't like one thing
is for you to post whatever you want
okay Even an insult in a comment box
okay
Ah it's not the streamers Haha this is
stronger committing crimes to take down your
accounts that are obviously not going to get anywhere
because this obviously
This is not going to bring down the account because it is being
appealed and while it is being appealed
Okay, luares is appealing all the
things constantly, that's it while it is
being appealed, well what
he's doing is wasting time and making
luares waste time, you understand me and
apart from that, let him continue  and that he gets caught you
understand
that what he's going to gain is complicating his
life but man that you're
committing all these [ __ ] crimes I didn't
want to tell you, I didn't want to tell it
here because giving it more attention that
this is the last time I'm going to
talk about it here in public but in case you see
something happen to me on social media or I close down on
some channel know what it is okay
because giving more attention to these people what it
does is that they get more excited and
they do it more because they're getting
a reaction you're getting me to
do it but you what are you trying to
take away a source of income man that
on Twitter I have 100 million
visits and on top of that you're impersonating
identities And you're dedicating the day to
that for
what Because of course I understand that he's
doing this and he's not telling
anyone he's doing it peres of course
who the [ __ ] is not doing this
to gain fame or to become famous he's not
doing it to feel
satisfied man You're sick he
's completely sick
okay I don't know where it's going but look or
rather I think it's going more or less  Well look, it's not
just this, it
's not just
this, a few days ago, okay, this, a
few days ago, you already know that we have
several accounts that are that this
either, let's see if I've ever seen
any creator, but I've made
a series of accounts that there are
these are people. Look, for example,
Wilson, this person has insinuated to me
that has left me a little
scratched because a person has
insinuated to me that they know who is behind
this account and that they don't want to tell me
because World War III will break out. They
told me that they're not going to stop until they
tell me and if it's not her, someone from my
environment
okay, this is a
full stalker who's watching you now,
grandpa, no no, but of course they're
watching it, I mean, if you're commenting on
absolutely all the live shows,
all the live shows, man, I mean, look,
we were taking a look at this, at the
ant telesalseo okay, we're going to
watch it again because it's amazing,
[ __ ]
amazing, this is a day dedicated to
Javi,
eh, daily, the whole day okay, I
mean, check out this video, eh, I mean, this is
from  have seen this is that you're
watching this that you're watching
absolutely all the live shows but
from the beginning to the end Look at
this eh but if the best guy is chubby
no the best guy is fat no he's
pretending that he's not fat but he
could be right now yb and he could
be the same no more or less no May April
May something like that training okay And I'm
losing fat muscle mass I keep
gaining whenever he's pretending
that he's not fat after the summer
there they try to put it that I'm
fat I'm at 15%
body fat okay but come on if I were
fat 6 months ago I was at
20%
body fat you
understand I mean if I had it what I
started with the nutritionist Okay, on the
weekends yes I break the diet
I'm here busy at work and I know to
get into something and I have to order
food because I can't stop for
whatever or because my wife comes out I don't know she's
gone to her mother's house for something and I'm
you don't know  prepare nothing V or rather it's
commenting on every word the hate the hate
and I'm losing fat at first I
lost a lot because I was almost at 20
fat Well I see you the same as a month ago
but it's that you're not the nutritionist who is the one
who measures because I was almost at
20 body fat and now in this
last one and they put filters to make people believe
that you get strikes Yes, let's go or rather
Precisely what is but it doesn't matter
eh it doesn't matter I could throw this at him
Likewise What happens is that
this doesn't affect me what it reflects and fear is how
stalker you are, man, whether you have
created an email account to be able to
create a separate account
eh to dedicate it to hating me or rather
because it's not saying no no I'm just
commenting gossip and I expose you no no no no
no if you commented gossip you do it
from your normal account and you are a
stalker that a person who gets up
every day I'm going to see what
Javi has done I'm going to see what he has on twitter I mean your day
to day is getting up and getting into  Twitter I'm
going to see what Twitter says Javi I'm going to watch
Javi's live damn Javi isn't live today
Where will he be Where will he be
he's a stalker they are
stalkers in the last two weeks he's gone up
a little bit either all day long that it's
known who he is because he makes a mistake it's
leaked or something what a [ __ ] shame
eh She's not the one who's in trouble anymore because they
told me no she's not in trouble anymore she's not the one who's in trouble it's
already a [ __ ] shame it's already a [ __ ]
shame
dude I mean this stalker that you
the trial with me for several crimes
of course it's going to be known sooner or later it's going to be
known Who he is and you're going to have a
criminal record for
harassment because like I went to the Valencia thing and I
ate at a Burger King a cupcake a
sandwich and come on come on well
the diet is going very well the
truth is I'm eating everything straight away
Only today I have to confess that I ate
a McDonald's but I have an explanation
okay today in the morning I had to record
eh in a gap that I had I
ate a browni I allowed myself to
tomorrow we run n  more than I wake up we
run for an hour tomorrow we run for an
hour Let's see how far he has bought I mean
this is about watching your live shows but from the
beginning to the end eh I mean
take and put together a video compiling the
times that I have said Look one from
September another from August another from
July compiling the times that I have said
Hey well look today I have sinned today I
ate a hamburger Hey look
today This is clear This is not even part
of an excerpt this is about watching
you live shows between the gaps the
intro not when I'm talking to you
or or the Yes yes Sergio they are
trying to me I mean his problem but apart from that
with hate eh Look apart from that with hate Look at
the comments what a failure after
failure yours is I'm not preparing
for anything not even to live off of nor am I going to go to
the party nor to live off of nor am I going to be
a cover if you were a cover of a
magazine or something like that Maybe you
know you have to stop let's say the
first thing I would do would be to stop
streaming or so much or so much content and I would
focus only on the body you know
but apart from that it's
like a son of a [ __ ]  with hate no laer len
responds to Javi oliveira and makes it
clear that he will not be intimidated by him
and his owner Dallas I've seen this
before at the salsería in telesalseo okay I'm
still clear what pisses him off is and continue Well of course Well of
course is that What would I
become if I say something that I know
is true and you tell me I'm going to
sue you xurra and stop you know what I would
become a coward like
you a coward like
you who said what you knew to be
true and to this day you still know
that it's true but nevertheless what
you did was suck Dallas's [ __ ]
this guy all this that accumulating another
lawsuit he has to maintain his
role not of I am a very tough guy I don't
care nobody shuts me up this is a
lie this here this here at the
salsería We have already seen it Okay when
delox had him sued that he sent
messages to
delox I can we can reach an agreement
but don't tell Javi don't
tell him so I don't laugh at me  I
think it's very good to reach an agreement,
of course, I laugh at trying to act a
role in a live show when then
at the slightest thing that Delox had you sued
for much less than the demands that we
are putting against you, what a [ __ ] Perea,
justice, I said it the other day, okay, I
mean, very, very like this, they have to be
for me to start suing more,
okay, man, we filed the lawsuit, I don't know if it
was May, April, I don't even know when the [ __ ] it was, it
was before summer, it hasn't arrived, I
have the prosecutor fried. Hey, what's
going on, it hasn't arrived because I don't know what
about the court secretary, whatever it is,
okay, it hasn't arrived, okay, in the
first lawsuit I ask for little because I
always want to present something more or
less realistic, also because then if you
ask for 60,000 like her friends do, Okay,
then Costa's sentences are
crazy to me, for my taste you have to
present something reasonable that is
logical, okay, the second lawsuit is not going to be
to ask for 3,000 or 5,000,
obviously, Okay, and nothing, this kid who
is so intelligent and so clever and so
fights for the truth, well  obviously he's
leaving he's mortgaging himself for life which
will be very slow It will be very slow okay and it will
take him until the second one arrives in 2026 it will
surely be worth whatever he wants but this
kid is mortgaging himself for life and it's
not a threat or scaring
or anything about me we can talk of
course and we can give our opinion of course
but not in the terms and the
accusations that this guy makes
Ask him for the entire house no no the second
lawsuit with everything he's been saying
since the first one was written until
now Hi Javi I've been following you since your gameo
ver miare It's a shame your stalker is
called the same as me pir well I don't think he's
called the same as you we don't know his name
But anyway I hope we find out but what
's what I'm
telling you I don't care man you are very
brave and you have to keep this
paper for the four who will be there in
the chat so they can tell you Oh how
brave the laser les does not let himself be
intimidated for him to tell you Wilson
javil wig and that's perfect in private
when delo sues you for much
less it's worth much less no  you go
and tell him Okay okay we can fix it we
can fix it but don't
tell Javi don't tell Ja I
mean you were about to lose a
court settlement because you didn't tell me
But who am I so important to you
that you care if I find it funny or not
that you lower yourself I'm going to sue you
again you already have one I'm telling you and I'm
going to sue you again I'm not going
to answer you I'm not going to make content
about you or about you or about others like
you okay I'm not relevant if one day I
am then I'll answer you But that won't
stop me from suing you every time there's
content that I have Of course they're going
to condemn you and this Well you'll say Well I don't care I'll
pay it Well I
think you're going to mortgage yourself your whole life
because I don't know if this is worth it to you
because there are many people who
sue you laugh at it but they
can afford it okay And nothing happens it
doesn't affect you But as for you I think it's
going to keep adding things up throughout your
life until it pays no no this is  a
mortgage for
life but it's not that you
want to criticize me Well of course I would be missing
more than that you couldn't criticize me Of course you
can but what you can't do
is in the terms that you do it and with
the accusations that you make that are
lies that they will tell you and you
believe them and that's it but I don't care I don't care
if it's that
simply because of the
expressions it's worth it simply because of
the expressions you're already there It's
not that you called me a rat in
2021 Of course of course and then you now it's that
every time a
live show is done again every time he comes back because he
disappears he gets the slump I don't know
what his move is and disappears and every time you
come back with Javi and with Dallas man that
Javi Dallas is no longer doing any
gossip or anything
controversial but the truth is that nobody is not
answering anything even says here
llen responds to Javi but that you
are not responding to anything and much less
in those terms it's not that you
insulted me in 2021 already already already but that
you can't be 5 years later
still insulting not even a week
later it was already proven in some of
the convictions that you
laughed at I see in laser a desire to
belong that makes him live in a
bubble of lies very strong remember
Javi when everything happens along with the
trials he will settle down and regret it
forever I don't care anymore I mean they say it's
an outrage But I know it's
an outrage I don't care I don't care
but what I'm telling you
besides this paper is a lie I mean if he
saw you all apologize
to delox and say something like don't
tell Javi whatever you're going here
acting brave and on top of that
defaming him in the [ __ ] cli I mean he's
not capable of speaking
with respect and without violating
honor okay what he's doing is disproportionate
versus what you're doing now he's
not responding to anything I
'm not suing him for when we were
fighting I'm suing him for
from when we made a truce that we
did here in a live broadcast he continued, I
mean I stopped and he continued after
all that he is no longer answering anything
he can criticize me it would be lacking more clear
that he can criticize me and say that I am
terrible and that I am the Callo from Dallas
and all that stuff but not in those
terms And no and no with
criminal charges that they have sent me a few
and no And those criminal charges
are not for a sentence of 6000 or 12000
euros eh criminal charges potent
eh Javi Oliveira responds to someone in the
chat
eem just like I mean it's just that they are pure
Look they criticize a miniature of Pipepino
what Pipepino is doing is at the level of Javi
Oliveira man it's a [ __ ]
illness it's a [ __ ] illness
No no it's that it doesn't make any sense at all it's that it does
n't make any sense at all nobody has
the balls to be here complaining about a guy who
has told me about all the christ this one who
has charged me with 800 crimes also every
tweet you put about me is with insults
and to whom  I never answer him nor have I ever
answered him Nothing more than these
last few days is worth it because you already say that you ca
n't sue everyone is that you ca
n't sue everyone you have to
choose Who to choose who to choose you
know and that I told him that she
looks like a lesbian man well of course she
looks like a lesbian well you haven't
seen her It's not that he didn't post the
full body photo so that it could be
verified it would have been ideal but that he
put the full body photo The
photo
stinks The photo stinks you know of course and
now then you confront him here face
to face in a debate and little more he goes away
crying and that no no no no jugg we don't
see each other a bunch of insults and they
give me a tit because I told him he
looks like a lesbian Oh my God What a
total disproportion sick harassers
okay those on Twitter okay each one there
with what they do with their life I'm going to
pursue him as much as there is to pursue
okay but what Twitter is
criminal or rather this completely
criminal I don't know what you think I
understand that there may be people who
fall for it  I'm very bad and all that stuff
but for me this is
getting a little out of hand eh
identity theft Well
and I've told it before on telesalseo
because I've told it before on telesalseo
because the truth is that one of the
clicks that they've thrown at me happened while we were
live Look
Ren Z Z just wrote to me precisely says Hey Javi I don't know
what happened with the copyright of
the click that you put of my podcast with it
but we haven't withdrawn anything
You know it could be
F wrote to me The
kid wrote to me The kid to
worry when he saw Of course because
the clip was going super viral whether
you like it or not it does
n't hurt them either you understand me and
the kid wrote to me to tell me
that we haven't
reported you we haven't reported anything you
know by the way Tell him to react your
tattoos Javi No but trust you The kid
wrote to me of course says Javi that they have
thrown the copyright clip and it was
n't me
So let's try to find out
who it is okay let's try  that he pays we're going to
try to make him pay we're going to
try to claim whatever the
losses are and that he pays for the crimes whatever it
is no the worst of all you know what it is
The more eh They try to
screw me the more my community picks me up
okay hey and all these people why don't they
have balls with the
lords the more they try to screw me The
more they try to screw me and the more they try to trample on us and the more they
try to make us leave
of of of doing what we do okay the more they
support us man the lords today that they are
more super chats really Because these
super chats are the ones of five and and and they have
passed the challenge and when it has stopped
counting they have continued or rather showing
the support of eh Here we are going to be and
The more you screw me The more
you try to screw me the more my community is going to support me
So keep trying you're
wasting your time you're going to jail
okay most likely or You're going to end up
with a criminal record and and I
sincerely, well you're going to make me waste my
time instead of appealing and
me sending some emails and a bofa you know
but doing it tomorrow do it again
and tomorrow
tomorrow well my my community my
gentlemen well they are going to tell you that I saw you and
if you take down the YouTube channel yes yes you
close the Twitter account I will open another one
and if you take down the YouTube account
we will go somewhere else or open another one and this is
how the
gentlemen responded this surely was not what I
meant eh I mean because surely eh it
will piss them off more eh they are going to try to
throw this live now anyway the usual
okay 200 new members eh your honor
they have reached
2000 today in the
gentlemen okay 200 members 200 members
So nothing keep trying to screw that The
more I get people excited the more they will
support
me a kiss caela The more they want to
dirty me the more they clean me Who is it I am
sending you everything I hope it helps you
Thank you very much caela Well there you have it the
email that is being used okay because
in the end even if it is impersonating the
identity of the
youtubers it does have to end up
putting an email okay that is from
the one being reported so that is
the thread is pulling I don't know if it's because of
IP devices or whatever okay let's
see what Twitter offers us Okay Eh
Because Twitter does have all the possible information
okay but this is already criminal, I mean I
understand that maybe
the people at Twitter didn't answer me with
the multi-account of a certain person
well okay a fight between the two they
are insulting each other Okay but of course
here there are identity thefts and
the youtubers are already answering me they are
telling me man what's wrong with you they are
throwing
my clicks that you are putting because of copyright you know what man who
is committing crimes he
is committing crimes for nothing because I
mean I don't know I don't
understand Good night Javi always
with you A hug a kiss Julio Thank you very much
man a kiss Thank you man
the gentlemen and we beat you they
increase your pocket we
Legos it's not that you know what's
going on that as they see that as they
see that the more they
are trying to screw and step on man and they see
your support there it pisses them off more there it pisses them off
more so
well I imagine that fabric to  the best thing is not yes maybe
each youtuber within
their lords and their moves Well maybe
you know of other youtubers to whom
something like that happens
okay but I haven't seen anything like that, a
stalking like that, maybe I have
n't seen it okay I mean it's not that anymore
eh I mean that multi-account group
created just for me okay then dude
anything you tweet anything
dude HM
a tweet today not yesterday Sorry yesterday a
tweet promoting the site where
Mikel is getting the aid for
the Dana dude Well they also wanted to
screw up this
tweet they also wanted to screw up this tweet I mean let's
not forget the Valencians
still need to
do some kind of help in any way
you can and the four photos that are
mine okay there eh Well then they come and
put a note they try to put a note
of the community Mr. Javi Oliveira
thanks caela thank you very much Mr.
Javi Oliveira only went to visit those
affected by the Dana for likes and
views there are people who
were at his  side that they are
exposing him for being a profiteer uncle they
took a clip of Ruben out of context and
the other ot of joking and he called me both
Ruben and Mikel they called me
both they called me uncle I
got the nonsense that they were saying
about me that if the boots that if I don't
know what that if I don't know
how much and now pay attention to this pay attention to
this detail well Ruben told me man I
go out and say don't pay any more attention to him because you
know the worst thing is that it was revealed that he
falsified a conversation in relation to that
visit
totally taken from the [ __ ]
[ __ ] totally from the [ __ ] [ __ ] Okay and
look at what the stalkers' accounts put as a
source
Why Well because it comes from
there they are surely groups that they have and
things like that groups and movements
that they have you
know they are sick no no no no they are not
sick they are completely sick
okay
eh regarding gabela I wanted to see
something else first also today we have the
seito eh tomorrow I have to get up
early Look this is that the blocked account thing jumped out at me
before when of
course they are trying to
throw it is that it is  tremendous man it's
tremendous gonzaba winter is winter
but in the Canary Islands Not much and upload this
photograph What happened with gabela with
this photograph well he's getting a
lot a lot of hate too okay I don't know if they
're trying to take down Twitter
okay because I think those people don't eh It's
not that you can also shoot with a photo
it's true I remember a certain
person who also took down my Twitter
on one occasion for photo it's
tremendous Hey by the way speaking of these
types of
photographs today I was
freaking out that a video appeared on Twitter it
was a photo but there was also
the video of Expósito without or rather showing her
tits But also like
showing them and everything to the camera okay And I
understand that it's fake Sure but dude it was
[ __ ] real I mean it was [ __ ] real I'm
not putting it here because obviously you can't
put it on YouTube but it was
[ __ ] real dude and it's like What I mean they
can do this to you
today they can do this to you today dude I
mean I've seen the video I've seen the
video 1 times but just uh
zooming in  doing it or rather but
also I was watching it with my wife No
no it's real How come Real real it can't
be that would have been super
viral no no no that real can't be let's
see the image is real
eh that it is
real I don't believe it's real But
where did she publish that it is it was
How is it going to be real
but that kid showed her tits like
that for
free no no it can't be real I support
Javi he was bobd but a drag Gen hao me and robbed me
and I had to flee from My city
criminals Mexico man
shrugging Thank you very much thank you very much A
kiss Thank you very much take so you
buy organic food that poor little
blbd starts to cry from
worry because he doesn't eat healthy one day a week
one day a month one day a month
no but F you eh I mean yes I
said it but I feel [ __ ] great I mean I
feel [ __ ] great how I am
evolving and him And how I feel no and
and besides it's not what that
man says but that man let's see it
's not what he wants to say or not that the
nutritionist is the one who measures the
body fat muscle mass and not
only the nutritionist but the
trainer not the weights the weights the
weight that is being lifted Speaks for itself
too how is it going to be real that is a
series but it can't be a series that
girl is going to show off her chetas like that
grandpa you see the gringo singing
about hari and Juan surely a new
saga of gossip is coming no
Pedro Where can I see that well
Kari where did you have your breasts done They
look great you can't tell at
all that they are
artificial you [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean this one but
apart from this one almost ratio even eh
putting it [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean man calm down
a little on the internet I mean because this
meme for example is funny it's not
winter but in the Canary Islands Not
much You are beautiful I mean man calm down a
little eh you are going crazy eh You
are going crazy and here I had I think it's
my my tweet no Ah well no my tweet
continue Gonzel's tweet continue what
happens we have here the version for the
version for the live no  s if
you have already known that you and Juan Guarnizo
are no longer together. I mean, well, they're
divorced, yeah, gabela, we know because
the exclusive was given here. We know
because the exclusive was given here.
And man, they're like, they're going too far with Ari.
With Ari, Gameplays, they're going too
far, man. I said it in my video
from the last day. By the way, they
put a meme on me. Lili, you're over
there. Ah no. No. No, I already know where the meme was.
The mother of all of you, what [ __ ] [ __ ] you
are.
Look, I know where I was, man. I mean, they
put a meme on me that was like, I really
split my
dick. It was in response to a
short, the hate, I mean, my tweet was the hate
gaml. It's starting to get out of hand. Okay,
how much is a kilo of melon? Is it a question mark?
eh. I don't know if it's in
season. People here are throwing this
[ __ ] thumbnail in my face. Man, this is
this thumbnail. I called
Aiden's attention when he put it up. I mean, you know, that photo,
that montage, he told me it was real and he
also sent me proof that it was real.
Okay, so what do you tell me?  So it
says but would you like them to
put it of your mother my mother doesn't take
these
photos my mother doesn't take that photo
gaml she takes that photo in the video I
'm defending her friend ea don't
put it live it
denigrates them But what happens is that she says words
that can't be put live and they
put a meme on me that I laughed my
ass off in a response or rather because the
video is defending her
eh Oh but don't
[ __ ] with me man it's probably The
answer is in one of in one of
these in one of these people who are
complaining to me about the
thumbnail this this the
[Laughs]
meme This is the [ __ ] meme that
the [ __ ] [ __ ] put on me ent disgusting Javi
defends her calling her a [ __ ] I haven't
called her a [ __ ] at any time you
're making it up eh but but I understand
that that photo eh that I put that
photo in the thumbnail you do it to
cry or rather you do it to cry to
cry because the other day the guy sh put
am milica
maybe Well in fact am milica
It was seen more in  Uncle Shur's miniature and
put a sign on it that she was interested that
I would have put Casa Partner okay
directly since we put factors
but no no no it's not this is why Javi
telesalseo is open no Javi you have to
listen to Tiger when he said to
put yourself in the miniatures So you
had to put yourself in that position
face sweating face sweating I wish I
wish we left telesalseo
open p problem it's true it's
open Tereso
No look if you don't like the girl
then it's perfect you're within
your rights but what need do you
have of of It's that really I mean
some things some I mean plan some some
things so degrading to a girl who has
n't done anything dude like that the raid wasn't falling around
here look now the
telesalseo raid is falling nobody's going to come no one's going
to come watch there were 900
people left watch watch there were 900 people left watch there were
900 people left
in telesalseo almost an hour after
I was here
crying there were  900 people right now there
were 9 people on telesalseo to whom I
just cut off their fun,
so watch out 900 people is the Prime of
many who are at the same time as
me broadcasting jumping rope eh
careful eh what I'm saying no
one's going to come no no Peña is going to come in Now here
eh Peña is going to come in Over here now it hasn't been
done say goodnight to the
lady the lady has fallen asleep
the lady has fallen asleep and they
're probably having fun in the chat not
because they're here to be here
because I want my lordship my
kids I want the kids to
give the gentlemen a big hug
and I was sad and I was
pissed off about the Twitter thing and they
caught they said Javi how I was
infiltrating the
gentlemen flirty without a shirt tell
the truth grandpa and that little cut looks good on you handsome handsome he'll
triumph because your courage fear dry my
contract strange against The King of pseo he'll
triumph because ton that fear pisses himself
and that  we are unimportant channels
but what a war we give what
perseverance no they do not shut up with
papers or threats justice is
fought with facts not with farce Here there is no
account or bandage let it be clear
dignity has no price nor strange contract
false cont it has no price
[Music]
kid we have gone crazy it's just been
to go crazy don't you see how the people have
supported
man it's just been to go crazy eh I mean do
n't you see how the people have
supported us man I mean I was turned off by
the Twitter issue I was pissed off I
was sad and all of a sudden they said
how the more they screw you the more we're going to be
here What is the what is the challenge 50
super chat well we give 60 eh how much is
left for the man there were no missing there were
a little less than 200 members to
reach 2000 and they said come on come on
200 members and we reached
2000 and We have reached
2000 nothing nothing has been done and you
believe that those  they care what if
I had only fans or
if I wore low-cut clothes or whatever no dude they give a
damn because it doesn't affect their
life but the thing is they are they are just in the mood to
hate
dude they are in the mood to hate bro how annoying
okay in the past Well maybe you had
some toxic attitudes with
this windy that Ari also became
super famous like she started when she was 16 I think
on the internet dude we were she was a kid
Okay I'm not saying it's okay But well it's
over now trust what René tells me he tells me
dude I hope you can fix it [ __ ] I
was really excited that you compare that
fragment and it's a shame that they threw it away there
must be some way for them to
return it to you on the same day eh there must be
some way to do it on the
same day but oh well let's see we sent
some emails to Twitter to see if they respond
dude it hasn't been like that again he's matured he's
learned [ __ ] that's what we
say if we all became famous
with a camera in front of you don't know what
Peña's is  would hate us [ __ ]
gonella talking about Juan Yari I just
got flashbacks from 2021
Uh is it true what was it that dasas
interpreted that Ari had told
Gonzel I don't know what Because Gonzel said I don't
know
how much is true I mean I don't have an idea
but because of why he has because he has his head
wrapped in paper al This had given me
vent an when I put it on Twitter I would
study because of things that you've done I do
n't know 8 years ago you know it's like dude okay
Yeah ha
enough how annoying you have her you have her
completely dehumanized Ari
really this is that I'm not
commenting hardly because I already said it in
the video on the main Channel The other day it
's about conari it's
eh For me it's another level eh I mean for
me it's that right now Let's see, you can
comment because Ari is still a
liar eh I mean the other day she
invented that she invented a plunger so as
not to recognize the likes do you remember
but but from there to a
tweet with 100,000 likes going viral I don't know how many
millions of views saying that this
[ __ ] Czech [ __ ] has
gref's milk in her throat and that people
like that because they like that tweet it's clear
yeah sure let's see there are
all kinds of people okay And there are people there are
people who like to put that
kind of comment or maybe in
private they say look at this [ __ ] [ __ ]
that is annoying okay but from there to
you giving likes to that type of
tweet then what is right is to
put that type that that type of tweet that is what is
rewarded
no I don't know I see that ar has well
deserved what happens to him you reap what
you sow but denied until when I mean
because it would already be disproportionate
Karma didn't do that much to windy man that
also if we get like this [ __ ] I
don't get along now with Ari or with or
with these no but windy was not
short either eh windy responded windy became
obsessed with Ari Ari asked him has
asked for forgiveness on several occasions windy
has not wanted to accept the apologies and
windy has continued to be obsessed with Ari
and  that I have a very good video on the
main channel Eh so Ari has done so much no no no it
is no longer
disproportionate I mean until when when when do you
pay now The toll
No yes he deserves it Ari but they have
done She did the same thing recently I don't know I don't
know I see it too much eh it's that I see it as
yes yes that I see it as
a little
eh like it has happened with other creators no
that everything is worth it to take it up the ass you
know grandpa the gringo said that Ari
cleaned The saber for 399 is very
disgusting for me
already for me So let's see but what all
Ari has done has been to mess with
people So I have taken it up the ass
too
no but then everyone Because we have all
messed with everything and especially the
gossip youtubers I mean we have
all messed with everything
man I think it's an excuse No it's not
that Ari deserves it it's that he has
collected what no no I think it's an
excuse because we need we need to
vent the hatred that we have inside and we
use the characters of the internet okay
Javi, it's that you have empathy for them
But it's that I have empathy for
everyone, let's see, everyone, if you talk to me about a
pedophile, if you talk to me about a rapist, you
know, but it's that Ari is a person
who is disliked, to the point of
ruining work for private and
public, that's something I see very badly. Yes, I
see it very badly, the fact that they always go
[Music]
to another person is the new dala. Even
the other day I heard Uncle Shul
saying that she was the one who had the most visits
now I differ a lot. Ari doesn't deserve it.
Where is it? If she wants to compensate, she would have to
promote Wendy or something similar.
Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Yeah, man, what a
smoke, I think it's that I don't know, I don't know,
but the worst, the worst, the worst thing is that
achari What
would it be to report,
stop hooking up for things from the past
wtf but the worst, the worst thing would be to
report
channels, yes, she deserves it when
they tried to
screw up her empathy when they tried to
screw up your empathy, they didn't care about anything to
me what I see is that someone
dedicates their time to being good, let's say that
she deserves it or  that he has done
similar things or that he has done
very bad things In what position does it put the
person who
is charging him Karma Ari I mean the
people who post that type of tweet
like the one I posted the other day Javi my
God let's make a list Let's see
make me a list Let's see make me a
list if you make me a list I'll make a
video on the main channel and I'll say if he
deserves it or not he
deserves it but I need that list
you how much the Super chat of
two of 2 sound I don't think so or or send me a
list and luare will write it down I mean a
list send me things and luare will
write it down and we're going to look for it and we're going to
make a video on the main channel
analyzing if he deserves it or not
the one who steals from the thief 100 years
of forgiveness [ __ ] is that you have
answers for everyone That you are some
sons of a
[ __ ] okay send it to me in super chat
and put each thing in super chat but do
n't tell me he made fun of windy
we have all made fun of windy I [ __ ]
on the [ __ ] in his time he gave  visit to
make fun of windy and Oh it's that windy makes
double meaning with the titles Of course of
course At that time it is that we were very
puritanical it is not that he plays with the double
meaning as if he were uploading
sexual content and he does not upload it he does not espab to upload for
not putting things on me
okay put things on me
if you really give me important things I
say it I can't stand hari anymore but if
the only reopens I will be there the
first wizard is super SIM look in
reality I am going to recognize you okay part
of my video defending arid the other
day was because
wizard put
a tweet well it was not a tw it was a
private message in chavalería info
eh saying with you
are defending a chick who put the
ccu thing as
nonsense okay luar you are pointing you are
pointing out the czu thing defend czu okay
but you have to put things on me
strong strong strong is saying that she
deserves it okay the other day wizard eh
asked me in a in a private message in
chavalería info I put a picture of Ari
in which she looked quite pretty I am not going
to deny it and I  Javi said please
we have to forgive him for
everything and I for my youth
Mato luare He's not here now that you mention it
Ari is the new windy people just
look for someone to hate for free on the
internet to the point of turning it
into their personality That's my
opinion That's my opinion I see it a little bit
of a mistake unless you are able to
justify Melo Lili You are there Ah no
luare he's there luare write down everything they
tell me okay write down everything they
tell me they told me about ccu the only thing they've
told me so far
at the moment the photographs that
wizar sent the other day make
up for it completely
dehumanized
completely dehumanized man you know I've seen this
type of harassment towards a real man
who is not like a woman I'm the
victim I'm not into that you know I'm not into that
but it's that I haven't seen this type
of I mean man
enough for God's sake I feel like [ __ ] hell
Damn it makes me super sad you know it's it's
like man you know but it's like Ah
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] Good point eclipse says
deserves more hate  cocu and it doesn't even have
half of what
ari has Because all the time insinuating
that siari [ __ ] I don't know what ag [ __ ]
agos Real help Oh I don't know what
laziness bro you spend a day hating dude
hating is a crush in itself just for
being a woman it doesn't matter if you have sun or not
teas Or not just that if being a woman already leaving
her best friend on the ground and not
a word to defend her and then go
out and defend kcu
I like that point put it
luare I like I like that point it's a
good point I don't know if you still
justify it but it is a point but you guys don't have the
balls to tell me anything
eh I mean you're not telling me anything you
put the chat it deserves it I don't know
what I don't know how much it is justified
but you're telling me you put
very little yet come on I don't even have
a minute of video with that I tell you
everything By the way today we are giving the exclusive
of Marifer Centeno and Mr.
doctor we are giving it today today there are people here I did
n't expect so many people today
here we are giving it
today without a member challenge without a challenge  from
Super chat without Challenge You're welcome everyone can
speak and donate what they
want no no no no no no he doesn't want us to
donate to him he says Well I want me to donate it's just that I don't think
you guys are capable
of I would give you a challenge but I don't think you
would be capable of achieving what the
gentlemen have achieved the
clean ass if he's
talking to me watch his live streams without sound and
you'll like him better Gerardo man he's
out imo
[ __ ] caela caela wrote something but I don't
know why caela says
one started defending cocu and drooling over
the violin two got windy banned
from Facebook In addition to the mockery and
harassment mik thank you very much a kiss
beautiful Thank you very much
being a feminist Juan and Ari
banned Dallas from Twitch they were friends
at that time I still continue
Hahaha The thing about Juan and ar they banned
Dallas from TT they took away his Partner but that made
sense to me that it was them the
truth for several reasons eh Because that's
the way they proceed
and and  because it coincided in time
okay because Dallas thought or said that
day that it was because of ccu I because of ccu I saw it
too fast because it was d he uploaded the
video and at the time that happened to him they
removed the
monetization For me it was, it would
fit me more Ari
Checa to the cizo throwing himself at Marifer he is
very hypocritical and crybaby when it falls to
him they like to throw races fixed on
numbers then we are going to talk about
Marifer and Mr. doctor and I am going to give you a
little my opinion so that I get the c
8 minutes okay that fits me more cocu the
truth He has thousands of contacts on
Twitch and Ari and
Juan but apart from that, the ccu thing was
just uploaded the video or in other words too
fast too fast for my taste
for me it was more hari and Juan because
a couple of days had passed
now I do like it more the thumbnail
of the main Channel has not worked for me
eh the video of Marifer Centeno on the
main channel has not worked the
truth I
expected but come on you have given me
four eh I don't know if I don't know if that
list is for me for a  video from the
main channel the truth is I don't know what laziness yes
Ari is with gref yes yes yes yes yes they are
secret lovers Yeah yes I think like
you I mean I think not Everything goes in
this life dude not everything goes And that is not
humor I mean that is denigrating a
person if they get [ __ ] a being of light
like the arroro turn off you Ugh marti there I don't
think like you there I don't think like you girl I
don't agree that he gets
[ __ ] I mean I don't agree that
eh he tchen of a lot of things that he
is not but he doesn't seem like a being of light m I don't
agree there there I don't
agree with you I think he knows
perfectly well don't smoke girl and less
menthol what the [ __ ] why do you smoke
menthol fall a kiss besides Juan
lied to tell Dallas it was cocu but
Nicola Nicola Nicola pinto is so fast
I think it was them the truth
apart it is more their way of proceeding
than cocu eh form menthol It's not
something like going to the mazona and ordering
a
salad that knows
perfectly well What does it do and how does it  I do
Juan and Ari I expect the
worst No but apart from that it's her
behavior that has happened more times I think that
also eh obviously there are also
many people who are using her as a
symbol let's say m
that does not stop certainly does not agree with
what I believe that of course
but people worry about things that
genuinely do not matter to them the
politicians in their countries do worse
things than Hari nor do they get so indignant
also Josefina what are you doing
here until
now what are you doing here until now
Josefina HM
we have to see Come out just a moment I'm going
to the bathroom but I won't be long eh They just
leaked dude a
message that they
published in the gentlemen group
today What's
going on okay but I'm going to put it in
context no I mean I'm going to put the videos
in place I mean we would start here
okay look practically what happens is
that the followers of wcol according to
Aida herself they would have obtained her
mobile phone number and they would have
leaked it I have looked And yes there is like a
Twitch campaign okay a
conversation of the influencer Ida
Victoria Merlano is leaked these tweets have not made a trend
eh  accusing her of having sex
with a horse
okay And over there they leak the
phone number also uh I mean there they leak the
phone number and everything else I'm
living in
hell My ex's followers
leaked my number a number that I
love they talked to the people at
Claro and by the way their internet has
a lot of things that they should
modify and they gave them my number look
at me my number I love it I'm not going to
change it right now I'm hiring someone I give them
my phone and I have them
block people I have no problem they've
tried to put me in jail my mom is a
grandfather from a jail They park motorcycles
in front of me they've put guns to my
back I mean those things didn't
bother me at all wol what are you saying about
this that that is a wounded woman
brother you know that you can't
leave a wounded woman daddy walking
around the world partner because it's that Ah there's
nothing you can do my brother if you
understand me and she is a wounded woman
brother that she was hurt in
some other way daddy they took
songs from her her name was mentioned yes
you understand I mean Exactly I'm
aware  of those things bro eh And there
came a time when she collapsed and used
her her power to do harm If you
understand me in the sense that she came in
attacking my relationship So when
I saw the intention that she had
daddy I I said I'm not going to enter
this war because but it doesn't suit me in
the sense that I I feel like I
'm on another level dude for me for me
I see everything dog it may sound very
arrogant or whatever but I see them
small and it's not like eo It's that I'm
better than you it's that I'm working
dog I'm working and if I
get into one in those discussions I'm going to
feel small The fact is that there are
things that hurt the ego The example of the
money that uy that that I am that
I supported her and that she supported me
and it was more like it makes me want to go
out bro if you understand me I go out and
talk I detonate [ __ ] daddy what is that if you
understand me and the moment that
I go out to detonate for pic of
everyone and in that dude also  It's going to
affect my relationship If you understand me,
that's why I haven't done it, but when I see the
moment that I say with, it's that they are already
abusing, I do it, look at that detail, he says
when I detonate it will also affect my
relationship. Of course because there he will bring out
things with that can bother the
relative he tells me how they are
writing bad things to my brands,
how they are damaging my work What are you going to
do when she wrote that to me, daddy,
I was about to go out and detonate, I
swear because because she is, she
is saying how I control
people when she herself caused the
problem and I am not going out to say
anything, so if I go out, daddy, I detonate,
dog, my detonation is a serious thing
but war because it is that I go out with,
with, I go out with a screenshot, I go out with,
daddy, I go out. Yes, you understand me. I
go out as I have to go out, yes, you understand me.
Because it's that, dog, I am a son of a [ __ ],
man, pa, I am a macho partner and I am
responsible for my family since I was 18
years old, how can I not have money for a
woman and she knows it. Yes, you understand me,
she  she knows it dude she knows that I
vouched for her punk and and and I supported her for
months months I wasn't even
aware Conor that she paid
half of the market then she goes out and
sees it from the market and then it's like
she already bought things in the house that she
bought them with money if you understand me she
bought
them I have that you said you weren't going to
talk and it's that yes understand how you can
get to the point of wanting to hurt someone to
this
point a person who was there that you loved and that yes you understand me partner okay I mean there's a really bad vibe there eh There's a really bad vibe there da he goes very hard and hco I see him more nervous eh For some reason she is condemned and he is not sincerely if you put
Wol and Aida Merlano on the scale Aida Merlano is
condemned she committed a crime but
sincerely I see Aida Merlano's crime as
the mother's fault if
your mother tells you to help her escape
from jail you don't help your mother
escape from jail
for the crime that they committed against me  the mother
in jail enon some cps if you tell me
maybe that the mother that you have your
mother in jail for
rape or pedophilia Well
obviously [ __ ] her okay
But if your mother in that
context they sent me some clips of you and
more with the age that she had I see it
very much the mother's fault the crime that
Aida commits you know but man tell me
that wescol because he is not convicted it is
better man wescol is convicted
for things no they did not condemn him for I don't know
what transphobia And he had to come out to
apologize I don't remember there was a
thing I don't remember if it was transphobia Or
what it was specifically but there was
something he said I think it was TR phobia eh I think it
was that comment that he would make
more holes in a gay man if
his son came to him and said he was gay I don't
remember but there was something for which he
had to come out and apologize
publicly that was part of the la per
auto or whatever they put on him
eh every time he opens his mouth he makes a mess he makes a
mess a lot  talking about me on streaming
which surprises me because you
wrote to me to tell me that we should make a
pact that I but come on here Haida
is reaping what she has sown
because she has defended this man
no no I'm [ __ ] over things from the
past what the [ __ ] are you telling me Cruz
yes yes yes that Hol is like that currently I will not
mention you and that you were not going to
mention me and I told you it's what I've wanted
from the beginning the reason why I
made the video It was because you kept
mentioning me that's what I told you and
that's what we agreed on the next day your
community filtered my number They signed me up
for military service they made me an
organ donor they tried to get
credit from my man and I told you in front of
that there is no problem The only
problem I see here is that they are
writing to the brand that I
was working with today and they are
reporting the account they are
harming the brands that advertise
with me and they are not going to stop
paying me Advertising The problem is that they are
affecting people who have nothing to
do with the problem what do you plan to do about it
He  she told me we have to hold on
and I said okay let's hold on
then I don't understand why you're mentioning me again
no and that supposedly we
had a pact to not
mention each other again I mean what is it that you want
Luis Villa to put me then for
that they sent me some to put me
then for that of
course I think she's dying eh
Really
eh
[ __ ] [ __ ]
pair I just don't feel like reading
this at 2 in the
morning the truth is that
that real woman wants to fight what motive she
wants to go to war with
everyone she says in the stories that I said that I
uploaded the photos Why were we at
war we all know that before I came out in
defense of Valdiri Because she was very
professional and respectful we didn't talk about
anything other than work what they have
said about me in private doesn't interest me anymore
if she wants to tell everything that
happens in private to look good in
public I don't care she's done it with
all her exes and now friends but what a
level of falling I'm about to
detonate bomb bomb bomb And if I come out
nobody ever in the history of
social networks will understand  I refrain from
doing it because she's capable of coming out to
tell lies and see crazy fanatics
agreeing when the story is
written It's something I don't want to do
besides the mere fact of having a
public discussion about a
private couples problem embarrasses me
Sorry for expressing myself here but I'm
fed up fed up with lies I don't come out
Why doesn't Balca deserve everything that's
happening to her why has that woman never
come out to talk about anyone she has
never profited from numbers because she
has the most beautiful heart in the world That
's the only reason why I don't come out and
show everything I have to tell with
evidence audios texts
invoices witnesses if I come out the
problem goes to another galaxy She used
the 50 million that I owed her to
make me look like [ __ ] like a
kept man when I owed her those 50 million
pesos Why did I buy her
the cars to help her pay her
cassation lawyer because she
needed the money I did it with all the
love I sold the car a month and I
lost her 40 million pesos I asked her for a
deadline to give her the money because just  I
had made fire Burger and the investment
in tutaina nightclub where she is a partner
on my recommendation that is throwing things
in your face and I can throw thousands of other things out
But when you do something you do it to
help to be thankful and grow not to
throw it in your face to look like the
best woman 2024 everything she bought
tables and furniture was with my money and I
have the invoices I didn't even know my
accountant authorized 20 million for
all of that and she knows it she knows that she
lived for free without paying a penny in the
house because I am not stingy much less
with someone who lived with me in my house
about 20 people eat daily all
my friends know it here they will always have
a plate of food with their chef and good
meat when you tell me that
you spent 7 million at the market people get
scared because it is a lot but without
exaggerating that I spend that much on just the
meat and if she decided to do that at the
moment it was because she q I Z or you can't
throw that in your face later to
make her empowered you can't do
those things you can't be so rotten
inside I repeat again If I go out I
go out in streaming Pa  that they see How it's
done and how a person tells the truth
because with cut videos and clips
taken out of context anyone is
right I repeat do the investigation everything
is recorded everything she said It's
a contradiction to something she had already
said Sorry again I have surgery and I have a
lot of time on my cell phone I could
write 30 of these Bibles and all with
arguments to finish I know that one does
not fight against fanaticism here nobody
is seeing who is right or not they
are simply waiting Who is the one who
hits the hardest that's why I don't want to
wear myself out and It's evident that the level I
am at is much higher looking
down is not convenient for me let's wait and see what
happens hourglass I'm not throwing I
'm defending myself from the amount of
lies she said Why are we not
equal Why don't I want to fall into the
game more than I already did I
love you
eh I see a W call with with fear you know I mean with with with with
the desire to
talk and to go out and explode and a lot of
threats it that he wants that if he
goes out to explode what a mess can be and
all that stuff No well he's letting it fall
Ugh, be careful with me if I go out Ugh, be
careful not with me, but on the other hand, I
see it with fear because of course it
hurts his girlfriend, whatever Aida
wants to bring out. So
what I see there is a
crossroads that he has in his head that he does
n't know what to decide, he wants to go out but he doesn't
want to go out and I think that in the end he's
going to leave, uh, I mean, I think that tomorrow or the
day after wcol is live exploding and
Ida Lo is going to leave him fatally, she's going to leave him
in trouble because, but the thing is that
wcol doesn't have much, it doesn't give much, it doesn't give
much
wol wc surprised its followers by
sharing an advertising campaign with
Andrea
Valdini. Andrea
Valdini, it should be mentioned that so
far they haven't given many details of the project but apparently it is a gambling game and I feel that when there was a real friendship, I'm going to clarify that, uh, those two people deserve respect, two people who were my friends and thirdly, why are they determined here in Colombia
to form a row that doesn't exist, I mean,
this is purely work-related and I'm going to
show it to them 5 months ago I have a
project and I'm currently working
with  webcol that was the last photo I
posted yesterday and I feel that it has
encouraged gossip that shouldn't be,
because I'm not a traitor. This is not
about friendship, friendship has nothing to do
with work, we are all of
you. Oh Dana, Jesus, everyone knew that
this project was going to happen, that they
have a personal problem between the
two of them, that airing the dirty laundry,
that's their problem, I have
nothing to do with it, mana. Oh, it was
precisely at the time of the gossip between the
two of them, well, coincidences, we can't
do anything about it, machi. And secondly, the
first point, machi, is that I have received
many messages, disloyal, bad friend. I've
been with you here, we've all
supported each other, I don't agree with all the
things that are attacking me, first of
all, eh, this project was there
more than 5 months ago, I've known wescol for more than
a year, in fact, I met him
before Aida because we were in a
video with my Tower and many other
artists, from there we left the window
open to be able to work. J right,
then he was with Aida and it was great,
we both shared time at her
club and  Well this project has been going on
for a long time because we are the
only two legal people in Colombia
that can make laughs. Okay, that is an issue
that recently came up with Coljuegos and
all of these entities in Colombia.
So they got the permits from us so that we
could work under
a company. Wesco doesn't hire me.
Okay, I didn't hire Wesco.
A company hired us and we are
coworkers. Second, how
this industry is managed is that way,
machi, I mean, if today this
singer is going to sing with this one, but this one
had a problem with this one. So they are not going to
do a collaboration, that has nothing to do with it. It
's not that one sells themselves for money, my
love, this is called responsibility. I am
under a company. I can't let
them down simply because of gossip between
a couple. And I always emphasize that I am not
very close to having friends at
work like influencer friends.
Why, because they precisely mix one thing
with another? When I was about to
do the work, Aida and Jesús already
knew. Aida told me that
she wasn't very happy because
obviously I was her friend. Wes
hurt me a lot.  today I have not
fully recovered from his
psychological abuse if I explained to you the
extent of the damage you would not understand he is
a person that I truly
hate because since we broke up he just
kept going and going and he didn't get tired of screwing me
over emotionally I wouldn't want to see
you in a Stream with him but I want you to
know that I understand work and that
since maturity I have respected him
mm person I already had problems with this
person but I told him Love look
nobody pays me a bill from my house it doesn't
mean that I'm a sellout for
money I am simply responsible with
a project that was a long
time ago Okay the problem that you guys
have right now which was precisely
there close to the raffle issue
is really getting out of hand for me but
she knows at the time that I have always
supported her with her club with her
project the day she broke up with wescol I
was also with her crying
So machi I want you to separate
the work issue a little bit from the
sentimental issue the contract I signed 5
months ago and the first question
the company asked me was Andre
Look he has a personal problem and it is
your colleague is there a problem with that
you told him no look this is
purely work related I don't get involved in
anyone's life and I made this clear
to Aida and Huesco and I told him Aida that
was like when all of Colombia
threw me away and sided with Low and
nobody understood what was going on and
I received insults to death for 3
years What did people say that didn't know
who Darita was do you remember that mess
and the first person who was
working with Louie made videos and recorded
stories in her house saying that
one thing had nothing to do with the other
was her and I told her Aida that was like
the day you worked with Lowie it's the
same and he said no Andre because at
that time I wasn't your friend I didn't know
your heart and I told him but the thing is that you
have to understand that this is a
work issue I'm not
disrespecting you or anyone I would never
let him speak badly of a friend of mine
in front of me and I never held a grudge under
that friendship
that's why you and I had a
WhatsApp group with  Valentina, every single person
would come out and talk bad about me, we fell in love there
and I loved you and obviously I saw her.
No, now I didn't offer it to you, let's get along,
no, you and I were friends. I
offered you friendship with everything that it
represents and I loved you and obviously I
love you because the affection isn't going to go
away from me from one day to the next. The problem is
that you weren't sincere, you didn't specify to me
what the terms were
in which you were going to work, that's your problem
too. But if I were working with you with
a person that you have stated that you
don't agree with what she is and what she
represents, how am I going to believe that
your friendship towards me is sincere, among
other things? Then you bring up the subject of
Lob and I respect that. What's the big
problem is that you and I weren't
friends when I worked with Lob, I didn't
know what had happened to you, I didn't know
your heart and I didn't call you to
tell you that I was your friend and that I loved you. I
simply followed you, I
saw you with the fact that you work with my ex. That
's not the reason.  why I withdraw
my friendship you, you and I had a
WhatsApp group with Valentina every time this
person came out to speak badly about me there
ranting many times you called me to
criticize him to say things So what
happens my problem is not that you work with
him my problem is that he is a person with
whom you supposedly do not
agree he is a person with whom you
have certain conflicts because you do not
think the same on many things so it
generates distrust in me the type of
campaign that you did with him despite the fact that
you said so many things about him because then
I question myself and say if he did this
with him what would he do with me then it does not
generate trust in me Now I am
aware that you were going to work with
him Yes but you told me let's
do a Stream announcing that we are going to
hold raffles and you told me 10 days ago
and you tell me now in the stories that you have been
working with him for 5 months, that is,
you were working with him but at the
same time you spoke badly of him now I did not
offer you let's get along not you and  I
was friends I offered you a friendship
with everything that it represents and I loved you and
obviously I love you because the
affection is not going to go away from me
overnight the problem is that you were not
sincere you did not specify to me what
were the terms in which you were going to
work that is your problem as well but if I am
going to work with a person that you
have expressed that you do not agree
with what she is and what she represents
how am I going to believe that your friendship towards me
is sincere among other things then you
bring up the subject of L and I respect that
What is the big problem is that you and
I were not friends when I worked
with lobby I did not know what had happened to
you I did not know your heart and I did not
call you to tell you that I was your friend and
that I loved you I was
just a toxic friend
an
[Music]
ah ah
[Music] [Music]
[Music] k [Music]
[Music]
ah
ah ah
[Music] [Music]
k
[Music]
al
in recent days there has been
a lot of information circulating regarding
the criminal proceedings of
Marifer Centeno against my doctor,
we have discussed this topic on the
main channel and I recommend that you all
watch the video okay I have uploaded a video
where I put everything in context
and days later well more things have happened
but I have been able to become aware and it has
come to me that Marifer Centeno would be
completely
open sorry finished the sentence marif
fent would not be completely open to
reaching an agreement with him, I mean
eh if he wants okay so much that he has
opened No that melon not that Ah we are we are
in the same folder they
are trying to insert the issue
of theft in me too But how is it possible that there is
so much corruption eh And they are
trying to insert a robbery in me to put me in
jail lie nobody has reported it
created for robberies  only a trial for
insults is only worth it
and it will be seen if they belong to the crime of
hate or not discrimination but the worst
of all is that if he wants this issue
can be closed tomorrow or tomorrow
or right now Within half an hour
no if he wants he could solve it what
happens is that he doesn't want to He only
well eh he's taking a bath of masses he's putting on a
show he's putting on a
show okay because people
are supporting him But because they hate
her so much eh I mean no I think I
feel that they are not supporting him that much
in fact the majority of people
surely It's not that there won't even be
many people who don't know him but who
hate her a lot no
So if he
wanted okay if he wanted it's
simply like Hey I maintain my criticism I
maintain my exposition you are a
charlatan I consider that what you do
is not true and it can harm
people but I am very sorry for my expressions
against you I did not want to hurt you it was part of
the show I am very sorry it will not happen again
But I still think the same about
you with that he would be free of paying a
lawyer for the criminal problem of being able to
end up with a criminal record whatever okay
the thing is that uh in the last few days
something was also revealed something came to
light
and it was that there was a youtuber who had
betrayed Mr. Doctor betrayed
well we call it betrayed but the other
day we had it on the main channel
yesterday too and he was commenting that it
's not a betrayal because
obviously he doesn't have a
friendship with this man I mean he's not a
friend for it to be a betrayal it has to
be someone from whom you expect something
so the question is that the
question is
that Mau RG went to
testify against Mr. Doctor because
Mau RG taught something to
Marifer Marifer told it to
the prosecutor in plain sight I don't know why she like that
okay well I don't see it related to the
issue uh what if they are judging you for
what they told you it doesn't matter what they
told someone else but when
Marifer told him
that then they called Mau to testify it
's not uh It's not the point that it's going to
change everything in the procedure or
anything like that okay
but but but but we have to it's we have to it's we have to it
was and he hasn't told you yet  You're going to
find out here I invite you all to
share this clip okay I invite you
all to share this clip Okay
because we have the information we know
what Maur taught him and told
Marifer and that Maur
Mauricio
Riverol had to go tell the
judge about Mr. Doctor
[Music]
and you're going to find out here right now
[Music] [
Music]
[Music]
okay ah [Music] [Music]
[Music] it
turns out
that when the controversy between my
doctor and Marifer Centeno broke out
because Marifer Centeno ended up
reporting Mister
Doctor Mr. Doctor
Octavio
contacted Mauricio and
sent him a
message It was a message
that
said also in the chat at the
same time how I
hope
you are
objective or that you treat this issue with
neutrality I hope you behave well
with me when dealing with this
issue you know I have here
Mauricio I have a
message from the mother of your daughter
Ale
Dolores in which she asks me to come to my
channel and do a podcast with me
exposing yourself think carefully about how you deal with
the
subject because
at the time I may not have
accepted the
proposal But maybe
now I'll bring it to my channel
and we'll talk about
you and that's the reason okay that's what
Maur tells him he tells Marifer
Marifer tells it I don't know if it's his
lawyer or his lawyer or whoever it is
Okay and and
well let's see, there are people who are
interpreting it in the chat as
threats, I sincerely, man yes, I do
interpret it, I'm not going to
put any labels on it but man I
label it as being careful not as a little
touch of attention not as a yes, a little
care, a little care, let's go in fact eh
In fact, look how it is that
justice was interested in He was interested in
Maur's testimony It's not that it's
decisive in the case okay because they are
judging what m may have said to
Marifer okay but
man Mauricio has those
screenshots Mauricio has those screenshots
and and he
tells it I have to tell you two things they are
veiled threats Jai things as they are I have it
seems very dirty to me okay to
me  He seems very dirty, I didn't expect more or
less from this guy, okay, from this type
[Music]
um, that's what I'm telling you, I mean, there's
a lot of going around in circles on this topic
when this topic is simply closed
with an Excuse me for the excuse for the
expressions, excuse me for the expressions, Okay, I
maintain my opinion, I maintain my position,
Excuse me, excuse me for the
expressions, you know, and each to their own,
but of course, it's that my
doctor is having a real bath in the
bath in the
bath and he's getting he's getting carried away
because people are cheering him on, Okay, uh,
Ale Dolores is aware of all
this controversy, I also like why
because I have a series of
screenshots of Ale
Dolores
visiting various channels that are
dealing with the issue, defending
my
dot, so I tell you that she, Dolores,
is showing up around there,
La Patita, Ale Dolores was here a
while ago, uh, many years ago,
Ale Dolores was here and at one time she
also interviewed her, let's say in
fact, I think I have her phone number somewhere, I
don't have a bad relationship with her
So if you want to stop by here to
confirm if that's true or a
lie they are defending the redoxon Yes yes
yes they are defending it because now
Mr. Doctor's expressions are
freedom of expression, the ones I did are not
uh the ones I did are unjustifiable
indefensible okay but Mr. Doctor's
yes Javi what is the name of this anime well it's
an anime that is a Mexican anime that
is going very viral also uh it is
giving a lot to talk about okay
eh let's see some
more stuff Oh well Let's see what René did
before we
go this the truth is that it is one in the
way you put it in minute
place this is a [ __ ] what they did to me
okay uh what I told you at the
beginning of the live okay whoever hasn't
seen it who doesn't know, well I don't think there is an
extract of that as such Or yes I do
n't know I'll see
but I explained at the beginning of the
live what they did to me okay but they
were mocking orlock quite loudly
for a click that I put on Twitter it was
thrown at me someone
impersonating René okay  I
mean René even talked to me a
little while ago while I was here live to
tell me dude what happened to you with my cli
copyright If I didn't
throw it at you you know and [ __ ] I was
excited that you uploaded it Okay and they were
making fun of orlock really hard over here
that we're going to see here okay
e Well look over here Begoña Jerpe is speaking [ __ ] I would
n't do it I swear I don't know if it's
irony eh Iván Madrazo what a garbage
video and interview and everything I do
n't know how someone can consume that
garbage well over here I've seen a lot of
people sharing this
I mean there was a big musama conversation between [ __ ] people I mean there was like a lot of hate but there was also a lot a lot of diversity of opinions let's put the clip here I'll try to recover it tomorrow okay would you kick a puppy for 10,000 like in hand what would you
do
family I would kick a
puppy for 10,000
bucks I think a lot of people would
do it I think a lot of people would do it I
know the public response is No not even
joking I don't know what but I think that a lot of
people would do it
a lot of people would do it why because because
because you need
the money because 10,000 is a lot of money
for a lot of people who that maybe
can fix them for the year Well in
fact it's the money that a lot of
people earn a
year so of course
eh I think that yes I would do it there are a lot of
people who would do it then they are
sick no e let's see I don't think that I don't
think it's sick I think
that every I think there will be a lot of people
who won't but I think that sincerely look and
if you tell me a baby too I think there are a
lot of people who would do it another
thing is that saying it in public okay
e Why Because they say Well well it's a
kick it's a kick it's an animal I'm not
going to kill it
eh you know what I'm telling you and 10,000 bucks
saves me a month because I'm
hungry because I can't pay because I have
a lot of holes I think there are
a lot of people who would do it eh I
think there are a lot of people who would do it
said yes orlo Well or said that
for  10,000 no that for
100,000 which is a hypothetical situation
that is obviously not going to happen you know and
it's like there were a lot of people who were
saying Well but eh it doesn't matter
and that you answer yes for 10,000 that
for 100,000 no I don't think I don't think it's
absolutely not the same for
100,000 as for 100,000 of course it's not the
same amount So 100,000 bucks
100,000 bucks can
save you half your life I mean the majority
of people we're not going to see 100,000 bucks
together in
life I'll kick him I'll adopt him Let's
see it's cruel it's cruel
okay it justifies hitting a defenseless a
defenseless Javier stop rambling I'm
not telling you if it's justified or
not justified I'm telling you that
a lot of people would do it another thing is that
you come here on the internet and in the chat
tell me that you wouldn't do it that nothing
justifies a kick I don't know what Look  I'm
telling you that for the most part the kick is
left given if they're not recording, eh, if
nobody, yeah, nobody is going to find out, yeah, nobody is going to
find out because of course that would be
a condition if people find out, they don't find out, they
're recording me. No, no, no, if
nobody's going to find out, you kick them,
you take the 10,000 and and and you've been
very, you know, I mean, most people would
do it, they would do it why? Well,
[ __ ] because because there are a lot of
people who need money, we live for
money and we don't, we
live in a, uh,
a life, okay, in which you can
have empathy, of course. Hey, and maybe
you don't like to kick
anyone, not an animal, not a
small animal, not a large animal, not a
large person, but if they give you the
option
between something hurting another living being for
a while
or your family because we
live in a survival mode in which
you look out more than you look out for yourself, for your
loved ones, for the ones you
care about, you understand, not for other
loved ones  you understand me I have a lot of
conscience I
couldn't I uh I'm telling you what I
think most people would do not
what I would do why Because
obviously it's not the same 10000
10,000 for one person as it is for another There will
be people who There will be people who for There will be
people who won't do it for 10,000 There will be
people who do it for 500 and for 50
bucks there are also people who would do it for
50 bucks
you understand I mean it depends a lot
on everything because I was seeing comments
not in responses to my tweet that said
but morality morality Eh it doesn't change
between 10,000 and 100,000 if you do it it doesn't matter
if it's 100,000 or 10,000 it doesn't
matter the amount you sell out you would sell out
No man it wouldn't be the same okay maybe there are
people that you say for
10,000 no and no insurance I don't need but
for 100,000 say listen to me  100,000 bucks I'll
kick him no I'm not going to
kill him it's going to hurt for a while Maybe
I'll break something good he'll
forget you understand And that doesn't
mean that you like doing it that you would
like to do it that doesn't mean that
you like kicking or that you enjoy
doing it or that you won't feel bad
afterward but that they would do it Yes I think
that the majority of people would do it
unfortunately The world is like that but I think that I
think that really the majority of
people would do it because we live in
a survival mode in which you
look more for yourself, for your
surroundings than for the rest of
human beings everything has a price I think
that everything has a price or almost everything
has a price
eh first I would kick Javi before a
puppy Well that's also true and for
less but the thing is that I think that the point
is eh I think that the point is I
would know the I mean really Why wouldn't you do it
and I think that the majority I
am very bad thinking with many things
okay And I think that the majority of those who of
those who say no that neither  for a
million I think the majority the
answer would be But what if
nobody was going to find out
No I don't know I'm very
suspicious 100 for 100000 maybe not
but for 100000 he kicks him man I
disintegrate him go kick him you can't even
find anything about the dog dude yeah
no I mean but the place disappears the
dog eh but for
10,000 a
punch but no I don't know I don't know
really eh
eh I don't mean I mean I'm going to be
honest with you for 10,000 he gives him a baby 9%
people are going to say No I would never do that bro
sh the [ __ ] bro sure cl for
100000 for 100000 a lot of people would do it
Even though most people tell you no
a lot of people will do it because 100000 you
're telling the truth but it is like that it is
a lot of money that's amazing I'm not
saying that I would do it eh I also love it
not a guy who  has been so so famous
for decades or a decade okay so it
seems like a lot of money 10,000 bucks
for 100,000 euros well whoever says no there will
be some crazy person who really
says no and really wouldn't do it
but most people as soon as
the door closes and you're solid The
Puppy well man dude a dick that's
not plan furay Yolo no
dude okay You would do it For how much for
100,000 how do you
respond It's that this is going to be like very
good it looks man but like I've never
valued money so much you know what I
want to tell you also because it's not that I don't
want to say No my family is worth it you've never
valued money so much but you
value the life of
a that so much or I mean it's funny because I don't know I
'm not very
animalistic either humans animals
grow by ass it doesn't matter I mean sorry
eh we cia looked at for this I mean I [ __ ]
with animals I love animals
really hard But it's true
that I thought that we IB I mean we were
like very well already calm down there's always
one But it's true that  you were arriving
world Vero that as if you don't believe
animals are treated well but animals are humanized
like animals You think they
live life like, I mean
animals have a concept of morality or
good and evil like bro the dog and that they
love you of course the dog ig my dog ​​loves me
very much it's not human love bro it's not I mean he
loves you because he sees you every
day because you feed him and because it's
the only thing he knows about life he doesn't
know anything more clear exactly he's being
held back Ah but there is a tendency to humanize
animals in a way like bro what
we talked about before in nature there is no
good or evil or there is no moral code or
anything like that that's
your invention bro but yes okay I think the
dog would want me to hit him the dog
would say Go for it I think so And if you tell
the
dog I'll give you 1000 he would
say go and we'll split exactly
exactly great dude well thank you very much for
well this is a new channel it's a
new channel I didn't know I prepared the
clip for me and I didn't know but it's a
new channel Z senen I mean it's another other
podc I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] Ah well it's not that new it already has a few I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] Juan Faro I thought I thought he was the guy what a physique he has Ah but this podcast has been around for a month eh I mean it's been around for a month [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life he
has the first podcast he has almost a
million views 800,000 what the [ __ ] do
people do who do I have to
[ __ ] listen to me one thing [ __ ] my god
what [ __ ] madness
no god exists according to
science I'm going to show you that god
exists
listen to me Oh my god he gives a lot of
likes to the jumps I post on
Twitter
what
man here they said another fact they give you
between kicking a person or a
dog and all the hypocrites choose the
person [ __ ] it depends on the person it
depends on the person and it depends on the
dog let's
see I think that I think I'm
very sorry for what you see like that but if it does
n't mean that I would do it
okay I would do it I'm not answering
that question it seems like a very
delicate question because it can I think it's a
very delicate question  I don't answer
okay But I think I hope you're wrong
but I think that most
people would
do it Okay Silviu a kiss talking about
Silviu talking about Silviu
talking about
Silviu I don't know who it
was
dude for Dalis
Veira to post
this Loli is not well and I don't understand
why they go along with it she was the
first to attack Tan with her
husband and now she's saying that she gives him
her full support the truth
is that they don't understand each other those changes are
senseless and that's not taking into
account the fake cancer thing I mean
for Dalis Veira to turn around
anything I post I say that
before a lot of people who are supporting
Loli you have to be wrong
eh You have to be screwed for
da Lis Veira to
have better aim than you
no eh
But who was it because we were
talking about Silvia and it came to me
but of course I don't know who
sent it to me it's that I don't know who sent it to me
I have a screenshot here well Let's go
directly to her Twitter
no if it hasn't  already deleted the
twts if she hasn't already deleted the twits but
Silvia posted some tweets today Well here she
is talking about big
[Music]
brother look I haven't deleted them yet
Of course but it's like at Christmas a lot of
nerves the big
announcement arrives there are those who have already signed up for the
abemus
papas Tic Tac Tic Tac let's wait Hahaha
what's this about what's this about of
course It's that later she will delete it and
tell you that it was something from Big
Brother you
know but
habemus papas
someone asked for space in tortilla
Ah let's see this one yes she deleted it
no there are no fake friends there are only fake ones
that pretend to be friends but it could be
because the lady is commenting on Big
Brother
no and if she isn't she will and if she isn't she
will say it
okay And if she isn't she will
say it but of course it's like very casual
no abemus papas tortilla lan
but I don't believe it because look when they
are telling her here eh tell us the gossip I
don't know what she says let's wait Hahaha She doesn't
say anything about Well well it's because of Big
Brother she is not  forcing the role m I don't
know the truth But I think it could be
related to tortilla Alan because it has
reached him eh or he knows that there are people
asking to get into tortilla I hope it's
not a rebol I
hope it's not a rebor I
imagine that Vin is going to go I imagine that
Vin is going to get into
tortilla I think Well
people,
well, what two direct ones we have
marked today eh
marked today man and wow eh
spectacular telesalseo asido
eh what spectacular telesalseo asido
man I'm speechless
speechless maybe it's because of villin
Yes let's see that's what suits me the most
tomorrow we're going to react some video
okay long I'm not going to react today
because it's 3 in the morning and I have to
get up at
9 tomorrow God willing man eh
tomorrow God willing I'll sell well I'll sell let's see they're going to
come see
Lorena's car it makes me really sad to sell it
But well we're going to sell it she doesn't
want the
car let's see if she gives it let's see if
tomorrow since I'm going to  Get up since
I get up at 9 in the morning to see if he
keeps it because wow, the time he made me stay, we
love you grandma, your community
supports you, don't give up. Thank you very much,
guys. The truth is that tremendous support,
okay, tremendous, tremendous, tremendous
support, tremendous support, guys, a
kiss, okay, handsome, see you tomorrow, we'll
surely see each other, okay, tomorrow,
surely, yes, we'll see each other, a kiss, a
kiss